---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# 2.1 Creators platform

Incubate, launch and accelerate your project on Casper Network


### How IDOs are stored on CasperArmy DAO VC

IDO is short for Initial DEX Offering. A brand new variant of ICO, it marks a project’s first crypto-token offering to a decentralized exchange (DEX).

Investors (CasperArmy community members) lock their funds with a incubated project in exchange for its native token that will soon be launched.

After the token generation event, the project airdrops the tokens to CasperArmy treasury smart contract, and next this smart contract the participants’ wallets after the vesting period is over. 

Crypto investors could prefer early access to projects. Sadly, early-stage investments in most projects are reserved for private investors and VCs who have a lot of money to spare and often buy tokens in bulk for discounted prices.

On the other hand, retail investors can’t afford to be a part of this.

Meanwhile, IDOs open up early-stage investment for all. Most crypto projects often set aside a portion of their tokens for the public and the community before they are listed on the DEX.

Although the amount may be significantly low, it goes a long way in nurturing awareness, engagement, and loyalty for participants in a community.

In addition, the price of a token in the allocations is also usually low enough for retail investors.

Why is CasperArmy An Attractive Incubator/Launchpad for New Projects?
When mentioning CasperArmy, one of its most highlighted is community strength.
The platform has a long-term mindset community who are committed to holding the project tokens and not selling them too quickly in the open market.
The CasperArmy community spans the globe, making every project recognizable everywhere.
Not only being more than just financial contributors, they understand how to promote and bring exposure to projects in the open market.
Council members and the community are committed to 3 phases with each project, including incubating the pre-launch momentum, facilitating the official launch, and accelerating the post-launch growth.
As such, when entering the CasperArmy ecosystem, projects get be helped throughout the whole cycle not only in the seed stage, grow a community, legally, and can access CasperArmy network of partners.
In particular, they aren’t charged in advance – how cool is that?


CasperArmy gives the community access early to coming tokens without following a tiered allocation system. Allocations are granted on the basis of the 'Soldier Rating' metric - that is, the analysis of the investor / user of the CasperArmy platform in the CasperArmy ecosystem.


There’s a lottery that will randomly select participants. In addition, there is a stand-off period after each IDO to ensure a diverse set of participants and fair allocation.

Users/Investors can benefit from the low entry barrier. Currently, users stake only 5000 CSPR on CasperArmy node validator and need to have minimum one Call-Up Ticket to participate in an CasperArmy Venture Capital.

As the crypto world is filled with opportunities, CasperArmy DAO VC is breaking down entry barriers for all market participants by enabling them to access early-stage deals.

The CasperArmy focuses on projects buildings on Casper Network that are looking to raise funds or looking for incubation launchpads where they can launch quickly and don’t have to pay for this processes.

CasperArmy follows a community-based capital deployment mode.


Also, there’s a stand-off period after each IDO to ensure further representation. It’s also a wide community of marketers and investors created and influenced by KOLs

There are many incentives such as bounty programs, airdrops, lotterys and referral programs are offered to the community. Participants can earn rewards by helping the community grow, learn, and prosper.
    




## Incubate

## Launch

### DAL - Decentralized Autonomous Launchpad

## Accelerate

More information comming soon.
