---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# 2.3 Venture Capital

### Team up with experienced investors and bring your project to life.

CasperArmy Venture Capital is a for-profit <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.2%20DAO">DAO</a> created by the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/what-is-casperarmy/1.1-Description">CasperArmy</a> community for the purposes of making investments into early-stage Decentralized Applications (DApps). It embodies a community-oriented membership structure and offers radical flexibility in participation in a manner that is unparalleled by traditional “venture capital fund” models.

Our investments are directed our DAO members - members of the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/what-is-casperarmy/1.1-Description">CasperArmy</a> community associated with the <a href="https://casper.army">CasperArmy platform</a>. They will be the ones sourcing, conducting due diligence, proposing, and voting on investments.

We want to be the first check in or first participant in your project/startu-up on <a href="https://casper.network">Casper Network</a>.

### Why you should work with us?

- We want to support the ideas of ambitious people who want to build on the Casper Network.
- CasperArmy team consists of experienced analysts, engineers, investors, advisers and community builders who have ‘been there‘ and ‘done that‘. We have a realistic take on what it takes to execute. We aren’t just on the sidelines watching, most of us are actively in the game alongside with you. Therefore, we will be happy to offer you assistance not only in obtaining funds, but also <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.5%20Development%20Assistance">legal assistance, programmers' facilities, marketing and other support</a>. We will also help you pass the audit successfully and simplify the way leading to listing on external launchpads or CEX (Centralized Exchanges).Thanks to this, we will help you to implement a promising project that has a chance to be a great success.
- Together with the CasperArmy community, we will help you build a strong community around your project.
- We are comfortable working with projects that are pre-company formation and pre-business model.
- We are comfortable working with remote teams and anyone, based anywhere in the world.

## Who we want to work with?

We want to work with teams/projects looking to be on the frontier and build their project in a cryptonative, community first manner on Casper Network.
