---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# 1.2 Main objectives

## What does Casperarmy.org offer?

With our experience and connections, we can assist creators with the following:

- Advisory
- Business Development
- Legal Guidance
- Launching
- Marketing
- Partnerships
- Smart Contracts
- Token Creation
and much more...

You can read more in <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.5%20Development%20Assistance">Development Assistance</a>

# Project Verification

Creators who have submitted an application to us to support their project for incubation on the CasperArmy platform will be required to undergo a rigorous KYC process, communicate frequently with the community, and carry out social tasks, such as AMAs, on the <a href="https://casper.army">CasperArmy</a> platform to keep community members well informed.

The community will evaluate the idea you have submitted to us and give you their thoughts, which will have a say in the decision process of CasperArmy deciding whether to incubate or not. Once CasperArmy’s review team has positively reviewed your project and the CasperAmy community responded positively, you will be required to sign a contract with CasperArmy.

Agreements will be in digital form and signed through Casper Labs’ Immutable Document Signatures on the Blockchain (https://app.caspersign.io/) and will be made available for public viewing. From that point on, the data of the project creators will be public to the CasperArmy community. You will collect a certain portion of funds as a creator from the pre-sale of your project (seed round), in the form of CSPR coins. Coins will be distributed and paid to the creator of the project in stages, according to the work schedule approved by the CasperArmy community, which you as a creator must present to the community via a roadmap. The payout will be done through a special contract on the Casper network and be automated. To ensure the payout, the voting CasperArmy community must approve it based on whether they believe the project has met targets pre-agreed. This mechanism is used to ensure security for investors and people participating in your project on the principles of Venture Capitals in seed rounds — the CasperArmy community. It also aims to eliminate potential bad intentions of the creator, motivate the project creator to work on the project, and help manage the project financing.

If you are the creator of the project or a person representing the project, please visit the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.1%20Creators%20platform">Creators platform</a> section.

## Collaborative & Safe investing for the community.

The CasperArmy organisation will help you, as a creator, <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.4%20Incubation%20HUB">establish partnerships and recruit business angels</a> to fund your startup. Your first “business angel” will be CasperArmy and its community, which through a <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.2%20DAO">voting system</a> will help you take direction and develop the idea you present in your pitch deck. CasperArmy will also help you list your project on a launchpad after the <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.4%20Incubation%20HUB">incubation</a> period, and the active CasperArmy community will help promote your project in exchange for an airdrop, or early participation in a private pre-sale called seed round as a <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.3%20Venture%20Capital">Venture Capital</a> entity. As a Creator, you are also eligible to apply for an interest-free loan from CasperArmy, which you can repay in your token at the seed round price. The CasperArmy team will decide the loan allocation.

## For the Community

The idea behind CasperArmy.org is to create a Layer 2 ecosystem on the Casper network, free from scams and other attempts to defraud investors. That is why it is so important for us to be fully transparent about CasperArmy’s activities and the Creators who will offer their startups on Casperarmy.org. Access to the platform will be granted only to those who are members of the CasperArmy community on Telegram and/or Discord and have a registered user account on Casperarmy.org. CasperArmy’s community member reputation system plays a key role in gaining voting access. Therefore, it is important to be regularly active in the community channels. If you are not active for a certain period, you will lose points. When you reach the lower point limit, you will be removed from the voting community, meaning you will no longer be able to use the platform and will no longer be able to take advantage of the benefits that the Casperarmy.org platform will offer.

Removal from the community will not be taken into account for the owners of <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.8-NFT-CasperArmyNFT">CasperArmy NFT’s</a>, details on https://litepaper.casperarmy.io. Read more about <a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/PRODUCTS%20AND%20SERVICES/2.10-point-system">points system</a>. CasperArmyNFT (<a href="https://docs.casperarmy.org/docs/CasperArmyNFT/6.3-Utilities-by-rank">Elite Club</a>) holders will not be required to stay active in social media activities organised by CasperArmy.
    
## Summary

To summarise, the CasperArmy platform will do the following:

    - Develop project ideas using our unique incubation system, providing guidance from start to finish
    - Provide transparency to the Casper community, and give them a voice to influence decisions on projects
    - Every day, the team does its best to respond to the community’s requirements.
    - Our mission is to promote transparency, honesty, and the Casper Network.
    - and more...
