---
sidebar_position: 7
---

# 1.7 CasperArmy General Terms and Conditions of Service

## Disclaimer and Risk Statement
By reading this document, the Visitor (as defined below) is aware that:

## Disclaimer
The information contained in or provided on or through the Website (as defined below) is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice, or any other type of advice.
The Project (as defined below) is a for-profit  Non Governance Organization proceeding to the sale of NFT tokens (as defined below) for the purpose of financing its business activity. The Project is not a bank, a security firm, an asset manager, a portfolio manager or an investment advisor. The Project is not a financial institution or a financial service provider.

## Risk Statement
Blockchain technology and crypto-assets carry significant risks, including the possible loss of all value allocated in crypto-assets. Such risks arise from the novelty of this technology, the regulatory uncertainty, the possibility of hacking, the high volatility and the information asymmetry characterising the crypto market. Visitors should not purchase crypto-assets with funds they cannot afford to lose. Furthermore, the Visitor is strongly encouraged to seek financial and legal advice regarding the use of crypto-assets and the use of our services.

## Preamble
The Agreement (as defined below) shall govern the use of CasperArmy (as defined below) and shall constitute a binding contract between the Visitors (as defined below), the Users (as defined below), the Participants (as defined below), the Projects (as defined below), and the Ecosystem Operator (as defined below).
By browsing the website, any Visitor (as defined below) acknowledges having read and understood the Agreement and agrees to be bound by its terms and conditions and comply with the Agreement and all applicable laws and regulations.
 By performing any activities on the websites: casperarmy.org, casper.army, casperarmy.io you fully and consciously accept all terms and conditions of the Agreement governing the use of CasperArmy products.
By giving its consent, the Visitor confirms that its level of English is sufficient to understand the meaning of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as well as all the commitments, warranties, waivers and obligations contained herein.
If the Visitor is browsing the Website on behalf of a business or other entity, the Visitor represents and warrants that the Visitor has the necessary authority to bind that business or entity to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and that the Visitor agrees to this Agreement on behalf of that business or entity.
The Ecosystem Operator shall have the right to unilaterally modify and/or update the terms and conditions of this Agreement at any time without notice. The continuous use of the Website by the Visitor shall be deemed as acceptance of this Agreement in the last and most updated version. Any Visitor shall periodically check the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

By making use of the Website, the Visitor acknowledges and agrees that: (i) The Visitor is aware of the risks associated with crypto-assets, including but not limited to cybersecurity risks and regulatory risks; (ii) The Visitor shall assume all risks related to the use of CasperArmy and crypto-assets transactions and also NFTs; and (iii) The Ecosystem Operator shall not be liable for any such risks or adverse outcomes.
It is understood and presumed that, before purchasing Call-Up NFT Tickets (as defined below), CasperArmyNFT, or any assets, the Participant has fully read, understood, and irrevocably accepted the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If any Participant does not agree with this Agreement in general or in any part, such Participant should refrain from using the Website and/or purchasing Call-Up NFT Tickets (as defined below), CasperArmyNFT, or any assets offered on CasperArmy. This Agreement contains important provisions, including an arbitration provision that requires all claims to be resolved by way of legally binding arbitration.
The market value of crypto-assets may fluctuate significantly, and there is a substantial risk of economic losses when purchasing, selling, or holding digital tokens.
If any Visitor does not agree with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Visitor should refrain from using the Website.

# TERMS & CONDITIONS

## 1.Definitions And Interpretations
1.1. The following terms, as used herein, shall have the following meanings, respectively, unless inconsistent with the subject or context. Other capitalized terms may be defined elsewhere in this Agreement and, unless otherwise indicated, shall have such meaning throughout this Agreement.
1.2. “Agreement” shall mean these terms and conditions governing the use of CasperArmy, including but not limited to the Platform and the Services.
1.3. “AML” means Anti Money Laundering.
1.4. “Confidential Information” shall mean any data or information that is proprietary to or possessed by the Ecosystem Operator and not generally known to the public or that has not yet been revealed, including but not limited to:
1.4.1.any scientific or technical information, invention, design, process, know-how, procedure, software programs, development tool, code, and database;
1.4.2.any marketing strategy, financial information, financial projection, financial estimate, business plan, business model, analysis of competitors and their products or services, technical and expert assessments of products and services that are being developed, designed or studied or that may be produced in the future;
1.4.3.legal opinions, legal memos, legal research reports, general legal advices and compliance reports;
1.4.4.trade secrets, plans for future products or services, and customer or supplier lists; and
1.4.5.any other information that should reasonably be recognised as Confidential Information by the Ecosystem Operator.
1.5. “Cookie” shall mean a piece of information that is placed on the Visitor’s device when it accesses the Website. The Cookie uniquely identifies Visitor’s browser to the server. Cookies allow the Ecosystem Operator to store information on the server (for example language preferences, technical information, click or path information, etc.) to help improve the Website’s browsing experience and to conduct analysis and performance reviews.
1.6.“CasperArmy Platform” or “ CasperArmy digital ecosystem” shall mean a digital ecosystem as described according to clause 2.3.
1.7.“DAO Platform Rules” refer to all rules, interpretations, announcements, statements, letters of consent and other contents that have been and will be subsequently released by CasperArmy, as well as all regulations, implementation rules, product process descriptions, and announcements published in the Help Center or within products or service processes.
1.8.“CasperArmyNFT” and "Call-Up Ticket" shall mean the native utility-type  non-fungible tokens (NFT) issued by CasperArmy.
1.9.“Ecosystem Operator” shall mean the legal entity or entities operating the CasperArmy digital ecosystem.
1.10.“Governmental Authority” shall mean any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising legislative, judicial or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including, without limitations, any government authority, agency, department, board, commission or instrumentality, and any court, tribunal or arbitrator(s) of competent jurisdiction, and any self-regulatory organisation.
1.11.“GST” shall mean Goods and Services Tax.
1.12..“Intellectual Property” means any and all ownership or proprietary rights, rights of use or any other rights with respect to the domain names, patents and patent applications, trade secrets, trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations and applications (including, but not limited to CasperArmy trademark), any other trade names, design rights, logos, copyrights, copyright registrations and applications, and any other intellectual or industrial property right in connection or related to CasperArmy product.
1.13.“KYC” means Know Your Customer.
1.14.“KYB” means Know Your Business.
1.15.“Laws” shall mean and include any law, regulation, or other provisions that have legal effect in any jurisdiction where the Business is situated or operates.
1.16.“Product” includes the CasperArmy Platform, Call-Up Ticket, CasperArmyNFT and any other Intellectual Property of the Service Provider licensed to the Customer under this Agreement for the purposes of conducting the Project and to use the resources provided and provision of any other services of the Service Provider under this Agreement.
1.17. “Participants” shall mean Users of CasperArmy who participate in an Call-Up Ticket, CasperArmyNFT Private and/or in a Public Round or participate in seed round of any Project(s).
1.18.“Project(s)” shall mean a company duly registered and validly existing in their country of incorporation that sells Utility Tokens within the context of a Strong Holder Offering (to Participants).
1.19. “Platform” or “CasperArmy Platform” means an online platform accessible through the website https://casper.army/ an application wholly owned and operated by CasperArmy.
1.20.“Prohibited Person” shall mean any individual or legal entity that is (i) a national or resident of, or legal entity formed or incorporated within or subject to the laws of any United States embargoed or restricted country; (ii) solely with respect to the non-government sanctioned trading, mining, minting of digital assets or cryptocurrency, or support of the foregoing, a national or resident of, or legal entity formed or incorporated within, or subject to the laws of the People’s Republic of China; (iii) a national or resident of, or legal entity formed or incorporated within or subject to the laws of the Republic of Cuba, Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea, Islamic Republic of Iran, Libya, Republic of South Sudan, Republic of Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, or the Crimea; (iv) included on, or affiliated with any Person on, the United States Commerce Department’s Denied Persons List, Entities List, or Unverified List; the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers or Specially Designated Terrorists, or the Annex to Executive Order No. 13224; the Department of State’s Debarred List; or UN Sanctions; (v) a Person with whom business transactions, including exports and re-exports, are restricted by a United States Governmental Authority, including each item listed in the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) and any updates or revisions thereto and any newly published rules therefore; or (vi) a subject or target of any other economic sanctions administered or enforced by the United Nations, the European Union, the United States of America, or the United Kingdom.
1.21.“Purchase Price” shall mean the price the Participant shall pay in consideration for purchasing the Call-Up Ticket, CasperArmyNFT or any Project(s) token.
1.22.“Sanctions” shall mean collectively sanctions administered or enforced by any country, government or public authority.
1.23.“Services” shall mean the services described in clause 2.1.
1.24.“CasperArmy Funds” mean the proceeds deriving from the sale of Call-Up Ticket(s) and CasperArmy NFT.
1.25. ““CasperArmyNFT” and "Call-Up Ticket" shall mean the native utility-type  non-fungible tokens (NFT) issued by CasperArmy sold and purchased within the context of an Strong Holder Offering (SHO) and/or a Public Round.
1.26.“Strong Holder Offering (SHO)” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in clause 3.1.
1.27.“Tax”, “Taxes”, or “Taxation” shall mean any taxes, duties, levies, imposts or other sums payable by reference to profits, revenue or transactions.
1.28.“TGE” shall mean Token Generation Event and/or Token Minting (for NFT).
1.29.“Third-Party/Third-Parties” shall mean any other natural which is not a User or a Visitor.
1.30.“Metrics” mean the information concerning Participants, including but not limited to the behaviors.
1.31.“Deposit” shall mean the action of staking the User’s crypto-assets into treasury smart contract.
1.32.“User” shall mean a person who has registered and obtained an account on the casperarmy.org Website and/or on CasperArmy Platform.
1.33.“Utility Tokens'' shall mean utility-type crypto-assets according to the definitions of (a) the “Guidelines for enquiries regarding the regulatory framework for initial coin offerings (ICOs)” issued by the Swiss financial regulator (FINMA) on 16 February 2018, (b) the “Report with advice for the European Commission on crypto-assets'' issued by the European Banking Authority (EBA) on 9 January 2019, (c) the “Guidance on Crypto Assets: Feedback and Final Guidance to CP 19/3” issued by the British financial regulator (FCA) in July 2019, and (d) point n. 86 of the “Advice Initial Coin Offerings and Crypto-Assets'' issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 9 January 2019.
1.34.“Yield(s)” refers to the crypto-assets received as a result of the User’s participation in the VC Investment(s).
1.35.“VAT” shall mean Value Added Tax.
1.36.“Visitor” shall mean any individual or legal entity browsing the Website.
1.37.“Website” or “CasperArmy website” shall mean this website accessible at the following URL: https://casperarmy.org.
1.38. "Soldier Rating" shall mean a metric mechanism that evaluates the User's involvement and activity in the activities on the platform, enabling the User to receive periodic airdrops and the allocation of Tokens.
1.39.Except where the context requires otherwise, this Agreement will be interpreted as follows:
1.39.1.Headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement;
1.39.2.Where a word or phrase is defined, other parts of speech and grammatical forms and the cognate variations of that word or phrase shall have corresponding meanings;
1.39.3.Words importing the singular shall include the plural and vice versa;
1.39.4.Reference to Articles and Schedules are to articles and schedules of this Agreement;
1.39.5.All words (whether gender-specific or gender-neutral) shall be deemed to include each of the masculine, feminine and neutral genders;
1.39.6.The ejusdem generis (of the same kind) rule will not apply to the interpretation of this Agreement; accordingly, include and including will be read without limitation;
1.39.7.A reference to any document (including this Agreement) is to that document as amended, consolidated, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time in terms thereof;
1.39.8.A reference to a statute or statutory provision includes, to the extent applicable at any relevant time;
1.39.9.That statute or statutory provision as from time to time consolidated, modified, re-enacted or replaced by any other statute or statutory provision whether before or after the date of this Agreement;
1.40.10.Any subordinate legislation or regulation made under the relevant statute or statutory provision;
1.41.11.References to writing include any mode of reproducing words in a legible and non-transitory form and shall include email or other electronic communication.

## Disclaimer

This web page and any other contents published by CasperArmy shall not constitute investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other kind of advice, and you should not treat any of the website's content as such. You alone assume the sole responsibility of evaluating the merits and risks associated with using any information or other content on this website before making any decisions based on such information. You understand that the crypto market is characterised by high volatility, and you should be aware of the concrete possibility of losing the entirety of the funds you allocated in the crypto market. You should refrain from using funds you can't afford to lose when purchasing cryptocurrencies and other digital tokens.
